thanks. Yeah. When dealing with grief, there are ah lot of ways to deal.
Um, one of my first ways to deal with grief is to talk to someone,
uh, in this organization, there are no really wrong ways to deal with,
uh, grief. One of the things that they encourage, um, is counseling.
Um, I recently just lost my father. And, um, the command right
away reached out and asked me if I needed anything. And one of the
recommendations was a counseling. And we reached out to military one
source, and I am actually in counseling right now. Grief counseling.
Who would have thought that there's such a thing? They're counseling
for everything. And now they have a grief counselor. And once I'm
done with that, if I still need more counseling, one of the other resource
is that we can utilize for counseling is Chaplain services and
fleeting family services.